fix(metadata-check): aggregate migration scripts of libraries (#1999)
AmadeusITGroup/otter: docs/cms-adapters/CMS_ADAPTERS.md

```

Also make sure to place them in a folder name `migration-scripts` in your packaged app or to set the `migrationScriptFolder` in your `cms.json`.

### Case of dependencies on libraries

> If the libraries that you use are providing migration scripts, you need to aggregate them with your own to make the metadata-checks pass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the libraries that you use provide migration scripts, you need to aggregate them with your own to make the metadata-checks pass.
```

> You will need to specify in your migration script the list of libraries that you depend on and the current version of the library

Reviewer 2: the list of libraries that you depend on => those libraries (depends on + that have migration scripts)

```json5
{
  "$schema": "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/AmadeusITGroup/otter/main/packages/@o3r/extractors/schemas/migration.metadata.schema.json",
  "version":  "10.0.0",
  // List of libraries with migration scripts that your project depend on
  "libraries": {
    "@mylib/lib": "1.0.0"
  },
  "changes": [
    // The changes specific to your project
  ]
}
```

> Then you can automate the aggregation of migration scripts by adding the following builder in your `angular.json` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you can automate the aggregation of migration scripts by adding the `@o3r/extractors:aggregate-migration-scripts` builder in your `angular.json` file as follows:
```
Just to ensure that it is clear which builder does the work since you left one migration check builder in your example
